thanks for coming beauty the rescue
center needs all the help it can get oh
but of course darling he'll be cute
little puppies and kitties will never go
out of style once a year a lucky
volunteers its to clean the hamster
habitat I signed up for it months ago to
be sure I get it house cleaning oh I
love the shine darling aren't hamsters a
rodents we sure are with your cute and
cuddly like bunnies okay every hamster
follow rarity into the next room she'll
take good care of you will I give your
home a nice grab
rarity well Carl Penningtons count just
beg to be accessorized but Amelia for
her heart refused to be left out and got
hurt his paw how to chew right through
Carl's little scarf and before I knew it
I had a heart attack why feud on my ass
also I named them ladies and gentlemen
stirs soon now I know you're all upset
but why don't we head back into the
habitat and talk it over
I never would have guessed hamsters
could be so touchy about fashion